My beginning

My introduction 

Well for starters my name is Kate Mar. I'm 16 years old , born and raised in Dallas,Texas. I'm currently attending El Centro college. In my free time i read and catch up on my TV shows and do a little research on cardiovascular and neurosurgery. I always had a passion for helping others because i have a nice heart and I'm a nice person. I choose the career of cardiovascular and neurosurgeon because i have 2 sick sibling and when i was little i promised them i would help them and i always keep my promises. I choose cardiovascular surgeon because my big sister has a hole through her heart which has caused a major problem with her life. I also choose neurosurgeon because my baby brother have a brain problem that also affects his vision and i want to be the one to help them. I based my goals in helping my siblings because i know the would push me beyond my limit and the are the reason for me to keep trying for what i believe. "Close of your inner demons and fight for others in need"-K.M. This quote inspire me to close all the negativity coming my way and help does who really 

My future

As i mention before i am a student at El Centro college. This program has changed my life for the better because it gives me the opportunity to chase my other dream in creating my own business page. I choose IT over business because i always wanted to create my own page, a page were i get to help people in need. I'm also in this program because its my back up plan in case my dream job don't work out. This program gives me so many opportunities in having a good job. It also helps my dream job because in the future technology is going to be more advance and i know for a fact that the machines operating the surgery are going to need programming and I'll be one of the people help program the machines.

I feel like I've talk quit much about my future and my future hope's.  So i'm going to talk about my current life. My life right now is kind of complicated because i honestly have no plan. By plan i mean i haven't figured out haven't set my life in to the path of my career. I currently do tennis but to be honest i'm not that good , i need a lot of practice. I also have been studying a little about cardiovascular and  neurosurgeon but i recently have been slacking off because i'm learning new languages like Italiano and dutch. I have a lot of things in my plate but i'm good because i can manage that for right now.

Random stuff 

My motivation to keep going right now and not give up is my father. I know he's not physically here with me but his mentally here and i know for a fact that he would be proud of me and my accomplishments. Yes, i have made some mistake currently but you learn from your mistakes and ill keep pushing  until i go beyond my limit.

Well i have officially ran out of ideas to right so i'm just going to ramble about nonsense until i reach 600 words or more. Well today have been a sleepy. Well today has been a good day because on my little plan but it's been quiet and chill . I have officially ran out of ideas so i'm just tipping something random so i can get to 200. Well i'm done because i reach 200 + words.





i like coffee
life is boring 
i want to sleep
